Overview chapter feedback (#112)
tidy-survey-r/tidy-survey-book: 02-overview-surveys.Rmd

### Questionnaire Design {#overview-design-questionnaire}

> When developing the questionnaire, it can be helpful to first outline the topics to be asked and include the "why" each question or topic is important to the research question(s). This can help researchers better tailor the questionnaire and reduce the number of questions (and thus the burden on the respondent) if topics are deemed irrelevant to the research question. When making these decisions, researchers should also consider questions needed for weighting. While we would love to have everyone in our population of interest answer our survey, this rarely happens. Thus, including questions about demographics in the survey can assist with weighting for *nonresponse errors* (both unit and item nonresponse). Knowing the details of the sampling plan and what may impact *coverage error* and *sampling error* can help researchers determine what types of demographics to include. Thus questionnaire design is done in conjunction with sampling design and are often done in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing the questionnaire, it can be helpful to first outline the topics to be asked and include the "why" each question or topic is important to the research question(s). This can help researchers better tailor the questionnaire and reduce the number of questions (and thus the burden on the respondent) if topics are deemed irrelevant to the research question. When making these decisions, researchers should also consider questions needed for weighting. While we would love to have everyone in our population of interest answer our survey, this rarely happens. Thus, including questions about demographics in the survey can assist with weighting for *nonresponse errors* (both unit and item nonresponse). Knowing the details of the sampling plan and what may impact *coverage error* and *sampling error* can help researchers determine what types of demographics to include. Thus questionnaire design is done in conjunction with sampling design.
```

## Data Collection {#overview-datacollection}

> Once the data collection starts, researchers try to stick to the data collection protocol designed during pre-survey planning. However, effective researchers also prepare to adjust their plans and adapt as needed to the current progress of data collection [@Schouten2018]. Some extreme examples could be natural disasters that could prevent mail or interviewers from getting to the sample members so an in-person survey may need to quickly pivot to a self-administered survey, or the field period could be delayed. Others could be smaller in that something newsworthy occurs connected to the survey, so researchers could choose to play this up in communication materials. In addition to these external factors, there could be factors unique to the survey, such as lower response rates for a specific sub-group, so the data collection protocol may need to find ways to improve response rates for that specific group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the data collection starts, researchers try to stick to the data collection protocol designed during pre-survey planning. However, effective researchers also prepare to adjust their plans and adapt as needed to the current progress of data collection [@Schouten2018]. Some extreme examples could be natural disasters that could prevent mailings or interviewers getting to the sample members. This could cause an in-person survey needing to quickly pivot to a self-administered survey, or the field period could be delayed, for example. Others could be smaller in that something newsworthy occurs connected to the survey, so researchers could choose to play this up in communication materials. In addition to these external factors, there could be factors unique to the survey, such as lower response rates for a specific sub-group, so the data collection protocol may need to find ways to improve response rates for that specific group.
```

### Weighting {#overview-post-weighting}

We can address some of the error sources identified in the previous sections using *weighting*. During the weighting process, weights are created for each respondent record. These weights allow the survey responses to generalize to the population. A weight, generally, reflects how many units in the population each respondent represents, and, often the weight is constructed such that the sum of the weights is the size of the population.

> Weights can address coverage, sampling, and nonresponse errors. Many published surveys include an "analysis weight" variable that combines these adjustments. However, weighting itself can also introduce *adjustment error*, so researchers need to balance which types of errors should be corrected with weighting. The construction of weights is outside the scope of this book, and researchers should reference other materials if interested in constructing their own [@Valliant2018weights]. Instead, this book assumes the survey has been completed, weights are constructed, and data is available to users. We walk users through how to read the documentation (Chapter \@ref(c03-understanding-survey-data-documentation)) and work with the data and analysis weights provided to analyze and interpret survey results correctly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Weights can address coverage, sampling, and nonresponse errors. Many published surveys include an "analysis weight" variable that combines these adjustments. However, weighting itself can also introduce *adjustment error*, so researchers need to balance which types of errors should be corrected with weighting. The construction of weights is outside the scope of this book, and researchers should reference other materials if interested in constructing their own [@Valliant2018weights]. Instead, this book assumes the survey has been completed, weights are constructed, and data is available to users. 
```

#### Example: Number of Pets in a Household {.unnumbered #overview-post-weighting-ex}

> In the simple example of our survey, we decided to use a obtain a random sample from each state to select our sample members. Knowing this sampling design, our researcher can include selection weights for analysis that account for how the sample members were selected for the survey. Additionally, the sampling frame may have the type of building associated with each address, so we could include the building type as a potential nonresponse weighting variable, along with some interviewer observations that may be related to our research topic of the average number of pets in a household. Combining these weights, we can create an analytic weight that researchers need to use when analyzing the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the simple example of our survey, we decided to obtain a random sample from each state to select our sample members. Knowing this sampling design, our researcher can include selection weights for analysis that account for how the sample members were selected for the survey. Additionally, the sampling frame may have the type of building associated with each address, so we could include the building type as a potential nonresponse weighting variable, along with some interviewer observations that may be related to our research topic of the average number of pets in a household. Combining these weights, we can create an analytic weight that researchers need to use when analyzing the data.
```

### Disclosure {#overview-post-disclosure}

> Before data is released publicly, researchers need to ensure that individual respondents can not be identified by the data when confidentiality is required. There are a variety of different methods that can be used as described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before data is released publicly, researchers need to ensure that individual respondents can not be identified by the data when confidentiality is required. There are a variety of different methods that can be used. Here we describe a few of the most commonly used:
```

> - **Data swapping**: Researchers may swap specific data values across different respondents so that it does not impact insights from the data but ensures that specific individuals cannot be identified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Data swapping**: Researchers may swap specific data values across different respondents so that it does not impact insights from the data but ensures that specific individuals cannot be identified.
```

> - **Top/bottom coding**: A method used to mask extreme values. For example, researchers may top-code income values such that households with income greater than \$500,000 are coded as "\$500,000 or more" with other incomes being presented as integers between \$0 and \$499,999. This can impact analyses at the tails of the distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Top/bottom coding**: Researchers may choose top or bottom coding to mask extreme values. For example, researchers may top-code income values such that households with income greater than \$500,000 are coded as "\$500,000 or more" with other incomes being presented as integers between \$0 and \$499,999. This can impact analyses at the tails of the distribution.
```

> - **Coarsening**: Continuing with income as an example, a survey question may ask for a precise income but the public data may include data as a categorical variable. Geographic variables are often coarsened - the data collectors likely know the precise address of the respondent but the public data may only include the state or even region of the respondent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Coarsening**: Researchers may use coarsening to mask unique values.  For example, a survey question may ask for a precise income but the public data may include data as a categorical variable. Another example commonly used in survey practice is to coarsen geographic variables.  Data collectors likely know the precise address of sample members but the public data may only include the state or even region of respondents.
```

> - **Perturbation**: Researchers may add random noise to outcomes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Perturbation**: Researchers may add random noise to outcomes. As with swapping, this is done so that it does not impact insights from the data but ensures that specific individuals cannot be identified.
```

> There is as much art as there is science to the methods used for disclosure. In the survey documentation, researchers will only provide high-level comments about the disclosure and not specific details. This ensures nobody can reverse the disclosure and thus identify individuals. For more information on different disclosure methods, please see @Skinner2009 and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is as much art as there is science to the methods used for disclosure. In the survey documentation, researchers will only provide high-level comments about the disclosure and not specific details. This ensures nobody can reverse the disclosure and thus identify individuals. For more information on different disclosure methods, please see @Skinner2009 and the [AAPOR Standards](https://www-archive.aapor.org/Standards-Ethics/AAPOR-Code-of-Ethics/Survey-Disclosure-Checklist.aspx).
```

> [AAPOR Standards](https://www-archive.aapor.org/Standards-Ethics/AAPOR-Code-of-Ethics/Survey-Disclosure-Checklist.aspx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
